We're still talking about outperformance
here, right? Their global really
outperforming their global peers this
year as the market sheds its
uninvestable tag. you see from this
chart basically we have overcome or at
least surpassed some of the performance
that we've seen uh in when it comes to
the all country index when it comes to
the US uh even when it comes to Japan
we've narrowed the gaps when it comes to
outperformance in Korea and Taiwan for
example as well but certainly a lot of
questions of whether that uninvestable
attack is forever gone right let's bring
in our team to talk about this as well
our Bloomberg's Asia FX and race
reporter Tian Chen also with us is
Winnie Woo head of APAC equity strategy
and co-head head of China Equity
Research of BA Global Research. Chan,
I'll start with you. So, you know, can
we say that this uninvestable tag in
China is is gone for good?
>> Well, um that's a good question. I think
right now, at least for for the short
amount of time, um people don't think
China is uninvestable anymore. Um but
actually, to be honest, when I'm in my
in my conversations with my contacts, I
think there's a pretty subtle shift in
the sentiment. Uh so before like two
months ago, three months ago during in
in the summer people were super
optimistic about China because they were
so underpositioned in China and the
valuation was so low.
>> Uh but after a few months right now
they've entered the point that the
positioning was kind of is is kind of
balanced um for global investors kind of
neutral still a little bit under
underbalanced um but they are is is much
better compared with uh a few months ago
and right now the economy is not very
good. Um so we're not seeing a lot of
data supporting um the rally to go on.
So there's a disconnect between the
economy and the market and um more and
more people are noticing the
disconnection and um they're saying that
um for the um uh the rally to stay
sustain into next year they really need
to see the economy to really recover to
see better activity data to see better
earnings um so for stocks um it's really
dependent on economy but for other parts
of the market like for the UN it's is a
PBOC story whether PBC wants the UN you
just mentioned that it's entered a new
um strong kind of point um this year.
>> Uh but it's all about whether the PBO
will want to keep the UN rallying uh
because on the good side it's going to
help you know maybe consumption and
internationalization of the currency but
still China's economy is very dependent
on exports. So the PBC has to be really
cautious.
>> Yeah. Winnie, you've talked about stocks
for China this year being the great
turnaround. What surprised you the most
of this year? Um I think on the surprise
side uh apparently the technology
breakthrough is a big surprise right
nobody was expecting the [snorts]
narrative today which is wa China might
be even better position than us in
certain aspect of AI consider you know
the electricity supply consider the cost
of all the talent and hardware that's
totally unimaginable before deepseek
right uh I think the second surprise was
um how China evolved and rise out of the
trade war, right? You know, a year ago
when we look at Trump winning the
election, potential escalation of trade
tension, everyone perceived China to be
the biggest loser and worry about China
being potentially cut off from the
global trade system, financial system,
which might make China stocks
investable. But you know, after this
year, China actually proved its leverage
and China proved that it's very well
prepared. So I think that fear of China
being cut off is also largely declined.
So I would say those uh one the
long-term innovation capability is for
the upside. Right? If China has a growth
future whether China can continue to
deliver whether it's 3% 4% 5% GDP
growth. I think now investor have much
more confidence that continue the
productivity gain will be driving
China's long-term growth on the upside.
And in terms of the geopolitical side,
it's protecting the downside, right?
That there's much less fear of China
being cut cut off from the world.
>> We're still looking for positive
surprises for next year given that, you
know, as as Ten mentioned, the market is
getting a little bit more concerned
about the macro side of things. What
could be that positive surprise?
>> Yeah. Um, currently I think investors
confidence on those two items I
mentioned are already very high.
investors confidence on policy makers
and liquidity supporting the stock
market is also relatively high. So it's
kind of hard to see much more positive
surprise on this front. But I would say
fundamental side market actually doesn't
have very high expectation in terms of
the turnaround in job market in income
expectations in consumption. So
fundamentally the biggest positive
surprise I'm hoping for is that
technology breakthrough can lead to new
user scenario and highpaying jobs right
because even now everyone says AI is
displacing replacing jobs but you know
mobile internet was able to create a lot
of jobs and those were highpaying jobs
for young people so I think for the
consumption to fundamentally turn around
for the property market to fundamentally
stabilize ize we probably need a better
job and income outlook for the younger
generation otherwise pure monetary
easing can do very little. I mean look
at Japan for the past 30 years right. So
I think you know technology breaks
through leading to highpaying jobs that
will be a real positive surprise. Uh
other than that, if we can see more
decisive, more forceful policy in terms
of addressing the over capacity issue,
really take out the the the the excess
supply and capacity that's probably
going to be a a a policy measure that
market will welcome.
>> Yeah. Ken, there is that whole issue,
you know, not issue, but something has
been surprised was that this people have
been participating in this equity market
and maybe this could contribute to the
household wealth
>> sort of story. Do you do they expect the
other people you talk to that this
rebound in Chinese markets can actually
feed into the economy in some way?
>> I actually completely agree with what we
need said. I think the problem right now
is not loose liquidity but it's is lack
of demand. Um so the the not very good
news um based on what my conversation
with contacts is that they don't expect
a wealth effect to be that significant
uh because a lot of uh investors their
money is still a lot of households their
money is still locked in the the the
property market which is in a downturn.
uh very little of the money is in the in
the stock market. So even though the
stock market is doing well.
>> Yeah.
>> Um their extra money they're they're
earning from the stock market market may
be enough for extra nice meal, but it's
not going to be for like extra huge
spending. Um so that's the problem. But
um at the end of the day, uh a better
market is going to be not bad for the
economy. It's going to be positive in
the sense that it's going to be it's
going to lead to better sentiment in the
market and uh more and more companies
will will seek IPOs. we are going to we
we we did see uh Hong Kong uh IPO market
being the best um among the best in the
world this year and um if overseas
investors are buying a lot of um China's
offshore uh dollar and euro bonds and
that's going to be supportive for the
financing cost for Chinese onore Chinese
companies selling debt overseas. So this
is more on the investment side that's
going to support and on the sentiment
side that's going to support the economy
rather than the wealth effect.
>> Yeah. Um you could tell us a little bit
more about what could drive it. I mean
it it seems like valuation story is kind
of this year.
>> What about earnings? Is that going to be
the key driver of what is going to come
next year?
>> We certainly hope so because valuation
wise not only China is at like 78
percentile of the past 20 years of
valuation range which is already on the
higher side. uh for Asia-Pacific it's
even higher actually for most other
markets like Japan, Taiwan, India it's
80 to 90 percentile right so valuation
is getting a bit stretched not only for
China but even more so for other Asian
market especially northeast Asian market
uh what we are really hoping to see is
earnings turnaround um but on that to
your early question about wealth effect
right I I think you know Chinese
household the asset allocation to stock
market is much lower than in the US but
even in the US where you know stock
market equities account for much bigger
ass allocation we are seeing the
K-shaped consumption right so for China
even we hoping on the the wealth effect
from equity market what we might see is
K-shap that it will benefit a small
group of wealthier better off household
that participate actively in the stock
market whereas the mass market
consumption remain depressed because of
the you know even US not have to use
youth unemployment issue right you know
there are similar challenges um in
today's AI age for both US and China so
I I I think fundamentally you know um
betting on pure stock market recovery to
driving broad consumption is a long